I am your palmas and come to one
another video here on a channel and
on it the canal of the ahrensburger alex
and if I'm already alex say
Of course, also from the lot
exactly month did nothing as always
here and I have a little big
project placed on the legs what
we want to talk to you here today
and the only person where
Actually, you are only alone
only you are here right now
screen looks and alex again
now at the big whole explain what
it really is so short
to get to the point we are looking for each other
a good objective playing team and
that consists of us and you
and yes we came to it by
we just at black ops 2
of course from the call of duty title
gambled together online and
really in very rare cases times
Objectively playing with teammates
had and thought so we load
but a few subscribers no since we
also get a lot of requests
We are looking forward to gambling
Let's just look for capable people
out and they are allowed or I hamm
call it even have the privilege is
to play us more often
and yes, that 's the idea
that would be a team building now
which only consists of people of you and
to explain you exactly how
the whole thing will be in detail is
Just listen now because it is
really a little bit complicated
it's like a kind and I'm mine
say casting built in and without
now want to talk about the porridge
I always explain exactly how that works
The whole is composed of three
round out for several days each
after it takes place in the
For example , the first round will be the
Mode kill confirmed
confirmed each of you will play
with it and three rounds conclusion
confirmed so play confirmed and
then out of the three rounds of you will
each of the score with the other ins
grain of you adds three outside
Round alex cohrs are added and the
people with the highest and scores
but the next round as dennis
example again next to were at the beginning
there are 50 people then 25 people in
the second round and the other 25
unfortunately have to retire in the second
round is dominated by the mode
played remaining participants
There you have four rounds and out of this
Round come then exactly two thirds
continue
that means one third will be the same
say goodbye to the first round
and the other two thirds are coming
the same way we continue
first round talk to the most
score points and if right into the
final round then sent where then the
mode is played hard in ours
Eyes of any of the west modes
or the most of
one demanded
played there at 95 rounds and at the end
there will be about eight
with which we then in the further course of the
call of duty universums depending on how
Many will still go in until today
black Ops 2
then plays become important at this
place to note is so whole
So will be Xbox 360 only applies to
the people who really play x30
that may also be regular and now
short registration and as we through the
alex now to tell all further info
So the registration itself is very
I just have to say so you have to
really hardly write anything and that
namely, we just have to say no matter
which channel of both of us
So a pn send a private one
message you can find here so
Can you write that now?
mingling in that on ours
channel goes and on the right side
are the faq they are back in
have written and then there should be
Somewhere in the channel founding and everything
stand there and there is a stands
our name plus a little arrow and
if you can also click this case
send her a message and that
just write the message as
concerning casting be o2 and content in
content only our gamertag not
rude ours and yes the whole
can you until sunday the 25th
half of this year make up yes
23 59 everything is purely comes after
deleted
So there is not a single minimum
chance to participate
and yes, we invite you then so
do not send us any friend requests
xbox we invite you
and yes, that was all for the
registration and consumption still a few
facts still in the open space
it is important that you are bad
if you should come in the final round
then skype can use speak
have a headset there or somehow
microphone what a bit of your vote
um zweit has mediated really really
express once
but that only applies from the final round
means the week before do not worry
if skype or other art and
wise that means it is really true first
from the final round probably the most
Asked question that is coming is like
I have to be old, I'm twelve
I join in. I'm 30 and participate
in German said it really plays
not matter
It really does not matter how old you are
So there is no minimum age and
again this point is to be noted
also that this is little
no plan so it really only acts
a pure soccers kurt so beautiful
online can defy the opponents away
That's what really only that one
should have with which one can always say
where we can rely on that
also very important aspect I think and
Should there be more questions left open
please use only the
Comments
that means you just look please
ask if you should have me in
the comments below this video and
we will answer that
also under this video that's us
Your questions will be answered directly by one
written response to this comment
have to answer directly and always that
The fastest way to do it all
can go
exactly
Say something like that where you have more
can find information regarding the
more history glasses series like to do
Although similar between results
you can also find us on our website
facebook page the links for our
facebook pages are in the description
and her could like a click on it and
evaluates always informed about
News becomes accurate and natural
certainly on facebook always on the
be the latest version but also per
video on youtube that is if the
we will be the first round to the end
let's upload a video of our first one
describe impressions and of course that
leading
whoever comes in the second round will
then done last the second round
to come or behind in the
final round to each repeatedly
but then this has to be boxing
youtube are totally on the waste we have
we thought again the
interim results on facebook
publish
Pink really reaches everyone and if
your share in the shipment of advantage if
you know where in the moment stands and
that's why you will like the advantage
already said just look at the
facebook page of two just times
The whole thing should go further
things france stand in the room
but a description look there is
everything listed exactly
So how about the round 1 like
27 will be the final round with the
registration to defined in the
Participants all the information beautiful
summarized so that everyone too
understood
And yes, I say goodbye to this word
I hope you take many
participate in it
and yes I'm out of 12